{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red226\green44\blue41;\red249\green249\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c91765\c26275\c20784;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Next we look at the changes in domestic GDP in China and the US, starting with China. 
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 In this part, the line chart below shows the change in GDP over time\uc0\u65292 Here we can see that China's average GDP has continued to grow from 1990 to 2020,
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 black line shows the maximum and the minimum value of the GDP
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We can move the mouse to get more detailed information about the GDP of each province\uc0\u65292  
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 we can see that the dark green provinces in the heat map, such as Shanghai and Guangdong, contributing more to GDP. 
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Provinces in north-western China, such as Tibet, Gansu and Qinghai, are also seeing their GDP grow, but by smaller amounts compared to other provinces.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We can select data for some areas at a certain time to take a closer look.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Similar patterns can be found in the United States. 
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 The most populous states, such as \cf5 California, Texas, and New York \cf3 are the biggest contributors to U.S. GDP.
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We can also select data for more detailed information..
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Then, we turn our attention back to the relationship between carbon emissions and economics. 
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs32 In this chart, we can see how carbon intensity for China and US changes over time. \cb4 By moving the mouse over the chart we can directly see the carbon intensity number of the two countries
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb6 Carbon intensity measures the quantity of CO2 emitted per unit of GDP and here it is measured in \cb4 kilograms of CO\uc0\u8322  per dollar of GDP
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 As we can see from this graph, the carbon emissions intensity in the United States has fallen every year since 1970, thanks to the awakening of environmental awareness at that time. 
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Beginning in 1970, the United States began to legislate aggressively to improve the environmental quality. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 which included the National Environmental Policy Act (1970), the Clean Air Act (1970), the Clean Water Act (1972), etc.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Beginning in 1960s, the United States began to legislate aggressively to improve the environmental quality. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 which included the Wilderness Act, National Environmental Policy Act (1969), the Clean Air Act (1970), the Clean Water Act (1972), etc.\
\
China's carbon emissions, on the other hand, have gone through multiple stages. 
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 After 1966, when China gradually recovered from famine and its economy began to recover, Carbon emission intensity continued to rise through industrial output, peaking in 1977 at around\'a0 0.9. kg per dollar
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We can see that since around 1980, China\'92s carbon intensity has declined by more than 50% through more efficient technology adoption and improved industrial practices.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 China's accession to the WTO in 2001 has brought a large number of orders from around the world to China, making it a global factory.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 As a result, China's carbon intensity has also increased after that.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\
}